- Objective: Create a program that generates workout routines based on user input

- Workout Routine: workout routines are structured or scheduled plans to workout, they can range from person to person
one person may be old and feeble and may need a workout routine that is less intense as someone who is young and
in shape.

- Attributes: workout routines may have type of workouts, such as deadlifts, squats, benchpress ect depending on input,
if someone who is 70 is using the program, obviously it wouldnt put such excersizes. Workouts also have sets and reps
per set, and rest time, number of each may depend on the intensity.

- Frame: The program will need data, like age, goals; are they training for mass, to lose weight, ect, and gender.

- brainstorm: the program will need data from user input, this is done through input, using the multiple inputs, it
will analyze the data to determine a workout routine. An output for sets and reps will be dependant on a specification,
intensity, intensity will be dependant on age, gender, and goal. The least intense would be for old woman looking to
gain muscular mass, the most intense would be for young men looking to bulk up. An output for type of excersize will be
dependant on age and goal, old people looking to bulk wouldnt be allowed to do deadlifts, though theyll be allowed to do
curls, but only with lighter weight.

- Range of output: The allowed types of excersizes are deadlifts, squats, benchpress, shoulder presses, pushups, curls,
core excersizes, boxing, and running/jogging. The allowed schedule would be from monday to sunday. The allowed
intensities would be 0 for above 70 or below 12, very low for 12 - 16 and 50 to 70, intermediate for 17 to 25 and 35 to 50
and intense for 25 to 35.

- Execution: i'll start with a list of questions, I need age, gender, and goal. if age is in between 0 and 10 or if age is
higher than 70, the program will need to output that they cant workout. I can probably accomplish this with an if statement
if answer 1 is in between some interval, or perhaps can be part of some list. if age is in between 12 and 15 or in between
50 and 70 low intensity will be true, if low intensity is true, a set method will activate for a previously established
attribute. if age is in between 15 and 25 or in between 35 to 50 intermediate attributes will be true. Bassicly the
code will be nothing but if statements.

